Remove EOF Check (#786)
ansible/pylibssh: docs/changelog-fragments/786.bugfix.rst

Reviewer: Here's where you can see the surrounding writing style to adjust your release note: https://ansible-pylibssh--786.org.readthedocs.build/en/786/changelog/#changelog.

Reviewer: Additionally, symlink this note to `785.bugfix.rst`

Reviewer: Marking this as resolved.

> Remove the SCP EOF message check in the ``get`` method to allow libssh clients

Reviewer: Instead of using a TODO-list style imperative mood, use the writing style that explains the effect for the end-users compared to the previous release as if this is already included in a release. Sometimes, using the past tense helps.

> race condition on the EOF check -- by :user:`timway`.

Reviewer: @Jakuje could you help rephrase this so it'd be mergable? We need something for the end-users to understand how they are going to be affected and when.

Reviewer 2: Would something like this work for you?

> Removed non-mandatory EOF check after the SCP download procedure, which was causing race conditions with some Cisco devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removed non-mandatory EOF check after the SCP download procedure, which was causing race conditions with some Cisco devices -- by :user:`timway`.
```

> get files from Cisco SCP servers. -- by :user:`timway`.

Reviewer: Avoid periods right before the em dash.
```suggestion
get files from Cisco SCP servers -- by :user:`timway`.
```
